# Use i18n in your module

## Introduction

You can use the i18n module of Nuxt.js to add own translations in your module.
This guide will show you how to use the i18n module in your module.
If you want to use already existing translations from the main repository, you don't need to do anything.

::: info
You need to insert your module before the `@nuxtjs/i18n` in the `modules` of your `nuxt.config.ts` in your Shop repository.
:::

## Prerequisites / Preparation

This guide requires that you already have created a module.
If you haven't created a module yet, you can follow the [How-to create a module](/guide/how-to/module/index.md) guide.

Add the `@nuxtjs/i18n` module to your module repository as a dev-dependency and to the `compilerOptions` types array in the `tsconfig.json`.

## Scenarios

### 1. Create translations in your module

In order to create translations in your module, you need to create a `lang` folder in your module repository. We recommended the `runtime` folder as its location.
Inside this `lang` folder, you can create a file for each language you want to support. The file name should be the language code (e.g. `en.json` for English).
After that, you need to hook into the `i18n:registerModule` hook and add the translations to the i18n module.

```typescript
// src/module.ts
// in the setup function

nuxt.hook('i18n:registerModule', (register) => {
  register({
    langDir: resolve('./runtime/lang'),
    locales: [
      {
        code: 'en',
        file: 'en.json',
      },
      {
        code: 'de',
        file: 'de.json',
      },
    ],
  });
});
```

This will add the translations globally to the i18n module, so that you can use them in your components.
It is not possible to override translations from the main repository.
